outfit "Empire Hai Chasm Batteries"
	plural "Empire Hai Chasm Batteries"
	category "Power"
	cost 8000
	thumbnail "outfit/tiny battery empire"
	"mass" 5
	"outfit space" -5
	"energy capacity" 4164
	description "After The Empire and Hais made an alliance between their two governments, Hais shared their Tech to Cromha Empire."
	description "Cromha Empire used as model The Hai Chasm Battery to implemente some technology to improve capacity and lower the mass of the battery to equip it to their ships. This is the most advanced battery in all human space."


outfit "Empire Hai Fissure Batteries"
	plural "Empire Hai Fissure Batteries"
	category "Power"
	cost 12000
	thumbnail "outfit/small battery empire"
	"mass" 10
	"outfit space" -10
	"energy capacity" 7836
	description "After The Empire and Hais made an alliance between their two governments, Hais shared their Tech to Cromha Empire."
	description "Cromha Empire used as model The Hai Fissure Battery to implemente some technology to improve capacity and lower the mass of the battery to equip it to their ships. This is the most advanced battery in all human space."


outfit "Empire Hai Gorge Batteries"
	plural "Empire Hai Gorge Batteries"
	category "Power"
	cost 28000
	thumbnail "outfit/medium battery empire"
	"mass" 27
	"outfit space" -27
	"energy capacity" 17044
	description "After The Empire and Hais made an alliance between their two governments, Hais shared their Tech to Cromha Empire."
	description "Cromha Empire used as model The Hai Gorge Battery to implemente some technology to improve capacity and lower the mass of the battery to equip it to their ships. This is the most advanced battery in all human space."


outfit "Empire Hai Ravine Batteries"
	plural "Empire Hai Ravine Batteries"
	category "Power"
	cost 49000
	thumbnail "outfit/large battery empire"
	"mass" 45
	"outfit space" -45
	"energy capacity" 34350
	description "After The Empire and Hais made an alliance between their two governments, Hais shared their Tech to Cromha Empire."
	description "Cromha Empire used as model The Hai Ravine Battery to implemente some technology to improve capacity and lower the mass of the battery to equip it to their ships. This is the most advanced battery in all human space."


outfit "Empire Hai Valley Batteries"
	plural "Empire Hai Valley Batteries"
	category "Power"
	cost 93000
	thumbnail "outfit/huge battery empire"
	"mass" 65
	"outfit space" -65
	"energy capacity" 51234
	description "After The Empire and Hais made an alliance between their two governments, Hais shared their Tech to Cromha Empire."
	description "Cromha Empire used as model The Hai Valley Battery to implemente some technology to improve capacity and lower the mass of the battery to equip it to their ships. This is the most advanced battery in all human space."

outfit "Multiphasic Reactor"
	category "Power"
	cost 2950000
	thumbnail "outfit/multiphasic_reactor"
	"mass" 50
	"outfit space" -15
	"energy generation" 8.9
	"heat generation" 21.2
	"cooling" 9
	description "Fission reactors are considered a rudimentary technology among interstellar species. Nonetheless, it remains a proven and safe technology that even the Hai use fairly regularly."
	description "It is the 'auto-sufficient' of the Multiphasic Reactor that make it powerful: It has cooling ducts integrated to its systems, that way it produce litteraly no heat.. It is small and can be installed in almost all ships. This reactor is used for almost all Empire fleet ships."
# Cooling
outfit "Multiphasic Cooler"
	category "Systems"
	cost 80000
	thumbnail "outfit/multiphasic_cooler"
	"mass" 20
	"outfit space" -20
	"cooling" 29
	description "For ships with extreme cooling needs, the multiphasic cooler is the answer. One of these coolers will dissipate the heat produced by anything but the heaviest of armaments."
